# 示例：测试子过程

Performance Test Sub-process This example represents a test sub-process focusing on the performance of the system. Test sub-process objective: To provide information concerning the fulfilment of performance requirements for the system. Planned testing sub-process content: Static test 1: Performance requirements documentation, Static test 2: Performance requirements completeness, Static test 3: Architectural design with regard to performance, Static test 4: Detailed design with regard to performance, Dynamic test 1: Applicable sub-system with regard to performance, Dynamic test 2: The completed system with regard to performance. This test sub-process is not connected to a specific phase in the development life cycle. The tests can be planned to be performed as the applicable test items are being developed. For the static test the preparation can start as soon as the development of the test item is planned and the examination and follow-up can take place as soon as the test item is declared ready for static testing. For the dynamic tests the design and implementation can start as soon as the test basis is stable, and the execution can be performed as soon as the test item is declared ready. This clause is an example of possible test sub-processes regarding quality attributes. Similar test subprocesses may be defined for example for functionality, operability, and portability. Static test 1: Performance requirements documentation Test objective: To provide information about the quality of the performance requirements Test item: The set of performance requirements Test basis: Internal and/or external checklists for documentation of performance requirements, for example regarding testability. Test design techniques\(s\): Technical review or inspection \(remember that an inspection should be preceded by an informal or technical review to ensure a certain maturity of the requirements to be inspected\). Static test 2: Performance requirements completeness Test objective: To provide information about the completeness of the performance requirements \(all functional requirements should have associated performance requirement\(s\)\) Test item: All requirements Test basis: Vertical traceability information between functional requirements and performance requirements Test design techniques\(s\): Technical review Static test 3: Architectural design with regard to performance Test objective: To provide information about how the performance requirements have been incorporated in the architectural design Test item: Architectural design Test basis: Performance requirements and relevant checklists

